No, probably mine would be movies.
Because it's the field I'm in, so it would be easiest probably to think in those terms.
But do you find that you are the character?
People expect you to be the character?
Yes.
Yeah, because that show is so pervasive in the people's lives every day in almost every city in this country now with syndication on it, et cetera, that people come to you with this entire relationship intact between them and the character.
And that's not who I am.
They don't know who I am.
But they come expecting certain things.
And the people that don't at the same time, you know, it's interesting that you have this two-dimensional reality of a person every night in your television.
And you see them in three dimensions.
And something happens.
Some people's minds just sort of go in neutral.
They don't know quite how to absorb the information.
And sometimes it can be an intrusion into one's life.
The pie in the face goes with the job, I've always said.
It's going to be hard, though, do you think, to break this stereotypical image that many people might have of you?
I think that it will be a task, but not impossible, because I have to have faith in my ability as an actor, and what I have to do then is find a character that is as impactful but different than Dan Fielding.
That's right.
Even if I have to do it a little bit at the time, you know, if I have to go to...
theaters around the country and start doing plays again for myself and for my work, as it were, as an actor, or sit down and write a film or, you know, just find different people out there to play.
Fortunately, I have a little leverage, you know, a minuscule amount, and particularly in television, where most characters that I'd want to do right now, I could get somebody to let me do them.
You've mentioned several times the stage.
Do you fundamentally see yourself as a stage actor?
No, because I started working on film and on the stage almost simultaneously.
When I arrived here in L.A., I'd never acted before, except once in high school as a senior.
Did you come here with the intention of being an actor?
Yes.
But having had no experience?
No experience.
So I got into a stage play very shortly after they got a job on television.
So I started learning how to do both at the same time.
We saw a TV show the other day with John Candy, and I thought you might have been an expert on the beach.
Summer Vacation or something like that?
Actually, I wasn't an expert.
It was a fairly substantial role, but it was cut severely from the film called Summer Rental.
Summer Rental, when they were out on the boat, and you're kneeling, smiling on the beach.
Right, and the whole relationship between his wife and my character, and when the film was being cut, they realized it made her seem like a total...
bitch that he was going through all these problems and she was off with this other guy, so the role was cut.
Oh, that's too bad.
Nah, you know.
It happens.
Checked his mouth, so.